shepherd's pie my favorite dinner every
year grew up birthdays Christmas don't
want talking about shepherd's pie I make
this back once a week I always make it
in bulk because it's really easy to make
em really easy to store migrate zip out
after work or off to school I only had a
long day you know any fancy cooking so
what I'm gonna do is take you over to
the stove gas on I put a splash of olive
oil in there
so what fried onions I use them quite a
lot they are ready chopped ready for
slow-cooked and I will really do my
lights of Top Chef you look at
ingredients it's literally onions olive
oil and that is it so I think you feel
quite don't bite in using them some
people find it hard to cope if buying
attentive onions or buying a packet
ready-prepared onions is gonna make you
help you cook something home-cooked then
as well yeah just do it don't feel
guilty about it
it's lovely nice organic lamb mince and
this is just going into Brown it deep
clump it and once that's it's all
browned we'll put the stock in and
anything slow-cooked it tastes amazing
all right much better cuz the flavors
infuse notes with mince I don't know
sometimes you get mince and it's not
properly cooked just complain it'll
clump together it's really horrible
yeah this way there's no danger back to
salt just melt it down it's just
delicious so that's all nicely browned
now say nicely it doesn't actually fit
nicely later now the liquid I've got
some beef stock here I'm just gonna pour
that all in I've got 800 grams of meat
here and about 800 milliliters of stock
and I'm going to pour a bit of tomato
sauce in splash of Liam pairings YUM was
just your sauce brings everything to
life yeah I'm not gonna put you
assaulted at this stage and right later
lots of pepper if it's not it's quite
salty that's why into the oven here you
open it for me yeah make sure the
shelves are already done just put it
into it over the tops haven't got a lid
big enough and check it after about
three hours
so my shepherd's pie meat sauce has been
bubbling away in the oven for about four
hours I just checked this really reduce
done nicely it looks absolutely lovely
it's ready to come out but some time in
to get a bit of flavor and some small
salt and pepper when I check how it's
cooking whether it need that's just
going the bottom normally what I would
do is have a mass on top of this and
then rich it up and grated cheese on top
YUM but today I am going to use some
cauliflower cheese which is a kind of
really different way of doing it but
really nice and really tasty all the
flavors work really well together and it
also means you've got your vegetables in
your main dish as well so you don't have
to do anything else on the side so in
here I've made if you felt it last week
to make cauliflower cheese I'm literally
gonna just put that on top and then are
you gonna put crumbs and Parmesan cheese
on top and one of the nice things about
this is because it's quite a textured
top here we bake it in the oven Google
print goes really crunchy so I think
that's probably just a perfect amount
I'm gonna bake it just this small dish
probably about half an hour until it's
bubbling on top and heat it all the way
through so I did what we gonna name this
cauliflower shepherd's you want a flower
shepherds college leopards collie
surely yeah it does anyway it's really
really good really unusual twist on a
classic cauliflower cheese on a
shepherd's pie bottom beautiful try it
let us know what you think see ya bye
bye we're sisters and together we're
crumbs we both like cooking and dog food
and chocolate and red wine